
I'm not a lawyer, but I can provide you with a basic outline for a Privacy Policy for your extension. Keep in mind that this outline should be tailored to accurately reflect the data practices of your extension. It's highly recommended to consult with a legal professional or use a Privacy Policy generator to ensure it meets all legal requirements and accurately reflects your extension's practices.

Here's a template you might consider using:

Privacy Policy for [Your Extension Name]
[Your Company/Organization] built the [Your Extension Name] extension as a [Type of Extension]. This service is provided by [Your Company/Organization] and is intended for use as is.

Information Collection and Use
The [Your Extension Name] extension does not collect any personal information or data from users.

Log Data
The extension does not log any data or information.

Cookies
This extension does not use cookies.

Third-Party Services
The extension does not use any third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Security
We value your trust in providing us with any information, and thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. However, as the extension does not collect or store any user data, no information is stored or processed.

Links to Other Sites
This extension may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at [Your Contact Information].
